well hello my name is Brody some of you
might know me as underscore beau just a
warning this isn't like my other videos
so I started this project in April 2012
after watching video on YouTube of a
siege battle and minecraft I thought it
would be pretty cool to have more siege
maps to play on like that so I asked
some of my friends if they wanted to
help make a fully-functional Helm's Deep
siege map and they did so we slowly
worked on it the idea of the map was
there would be two teams humans and orcs
humans would defend Helm's default orcs
would try to take it over before the
game started everyone would be Auto
scrambled and they would pick a class
out of the four during the pregame
humans can barricade the doors get
arrows and just set up while the orcs
are in their camp getting wolves or pigs
when the game starts the orcs must
capture all the control points around
the battlefield to obtain the redstone
torch while humans are defending when
they have the redstone torch they bring
it to the sewer and blow it up then
starting stage two in stage two orcs
have breached the castles defenses and
must get to keep where the humans hide
the villagers orcs have to stand on two
pressure plates to break open the doors
of the keep then it's a matter of simply
killing the villagers when there is
fifteen minutes left in the round one
player from the human team is chosen to
play as Gandalf
Gandalf gets a staff and other awesome
equipment humans win by defending for 45
minutes this is what the game used to be
like before I gave up and decide to make
a light version of home state because it
was too complicated and about two three
months later after posting a picture of
the map on Reddit someone named hypixel
messaged me only his name was in hypixel
back then it was theory movies his
account got hacked or something and had
to restart he only had about 10,000
subscribers at the time but he said
quote hey I recently came across your
map on Reddit and I have an offer for
you I was wondering if you'd be
interested in a collab we would modify
the map and add some redstone with
capture points resource systems and make
a trailer out of it of course you would
be credited and if you make a server out
of it it would be the official server
I've done large-scale pvp maps such as
dota the walls and I've ranked up about
8,000 subscribers in the past two weeks
end quote
then he gave me his skype I also didn't
mention I was doing the redstone in the
reddit post everyone thought it was
simply just a build and we talked more
over Skype but the longer it took to
finish the map the more popular hypixel
got so it got way harder to collaborate
with him he was too busy doing his own
things making a living off minecraft
meanwhile the people from minecraft
middle-earth are telling me I stole
their map because before I started this
project I asked to use their map and
they said no so I told them I'd make a
better one and so I did kind of they
assumed I downloaded a map and used it
when there wasn't even a download link
we finished the build of the map then
started having all the redstone things
so the map could be playable but every
single time I thought we were close to
finished in the map a new update came
out where I could make the map that much
better and it got to the point where
minecraft is so complicated for the map
makers that I can't do it I tried to
keep up I learned how to use command
blocks mcedit and I definitely improved
my redstone ability but it wasn't good
enough I have a Facebook fan page for
the project I hosted that alpha test of
the map we had about 20 people show up
all the tests I've done went horribly
wrong because no one takes the time to
read the damn rules the Minecraft
community consists of 12 year old kids
who don't have a very long attention
span we did three tests of the map until
I had to give up it was too stressful
the whole time I was building this so I
had to juggle all my classes making
videos etc so now I'm just gonna release
the lite version of the map it's still
playable and quite fun might even be
better than the original unless somebody
wants to help me finish it they have to
be as good as sethbling or high pixels
team at making maps you can't just be a
random 12 year old that is like hey so
have fun with this map please spread it
around the Minecraft community if you
want to be a part of the beta test go
like the Facebook page take off you
hosers